[RFC] Repeatable directives (#472)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Section 4 -- Introspection.md

  locations this directive may be placed.
* `args` returns a List of `__InputValue` representing the arguments this
  directive accepts.

> * `repeatable` must return a Boolean which permits using the directive multiple times at the same location.

Author: I'm fine with both alternatives. Though, I also find consistency argument quite compelling. 

I renamed it for now https://github.com/facebook/graphql/pull/472/commits/5c8c4bd2df5332565cadf9438b2e0dc9e944db10, but I can chnage it later if somebody raises a concern.

I wonder what others think about it?

> * `isRepeatable` must return a Boolean which permits using the directive multiple times at the same location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `isRepeatable` must return a Boolean that indicates if a directive may be used repeatedly at a single location
```
